Bring in safe mode support (#8478)
Minio-io/minio: docs/config/README.md

minio server /data
```

> Once the migration is complete, server will automatically unsets the `MINIO_ACCESS_KEY_OLD` and `MINIO_SECRET_KEY_OLD`. Make sure that you have removed these ENV values upon next restart of the server to avoid double encryption of your existing contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Once the migration is complete, server will automatically unset the `MINIO_ACCESS_KEY_OLD` and
```
